Nice eyes	1
nice	1
flirty	1
communicative	1
A great smile	1
optimistic	1
A quirky sense of humor	1
Treats you with respect	1
Makes fun of things you like or want to do	0
Never puts you down	1
Doesn’t get angry if you spend time with your friends or family	1
Listens to your ideas and is able to compromise with you	1
Isn’t excessively negative	1
Shares some of your interests and supports you in pursuing what you love	1
Isn’t afraid to share their thoughts and feelings	1
Is comfortable around your friends and family	1
Is proud of your accomplishments and successes	1
Respects your boundaries and does not abuse technology	1
Doesn’t require you to “check in” or need to know where you are all the time	1
Is caring and honest	1
Doesn’t pressure you to do things that you don’t want to do	1
Doesn’t constantly accuse you of cheating or being unfaithful	1
Encourages you to do well in school or at work	1
Doesn’t threaten you or make you feel scared	1
Understands the importance of healthy relationships	1
You should have equal say and should never be afraid to express how you feel	1
Both people should work to communicate effectively	1
They take no interest in things that matter to you	0
They don't answer your calls for days	0
This person being a total jerk	0
They can't think about anyone but themselves	0
A bad partner is selfish — plain and simple	0
Is usually very emotionally closed off	0
In toxic and unhealthy relationships	0
They are envious or jealous of you	0
If you're in a toxic relationship with someone who suffers from a narcissistic personality disorder, they can feel pleasure when they put down the success of others, by defeating them or making devaluing comments so they can rise above them	0
They have no empathy or no remorse	0
Listening inattentively	0
Underestimating (not expressing gratitude)	0
bad	0
stubborn	0
envious	0
pessimistic	0
liar	0
They are delusional and see everyone through their own projections, distorting the way they see others and relate to them	0
Sitting on each other’s laps and facing each other. 1
Drinking champagne and losing track of time.  1
A healthy relationship is two whole people with separate lives coming together to share their lives.  1
That’s why so many confuse codependency with love.  0
Healthy love requires facing in the same direction. Not at each other.  1
we can subtly start to control the other person without even knowing it.  0
We care about them so much and only want the best for them. 1
Facing in the same direction means to support, care, listen, communicate, but allow people to be themselves and make their own choices. 1
Facing in the same direction also means having similar values, virtues, general life beliefs, bigger than self-goals. 1
When your big important life stuff overlaps with their big life important stuff, there is a being on the same team feeling that makes people work hard for their relationship.  1
Healthy love requires fire in between. What does fire mean? Yes, attraction and chemistry and great banter and hot sex. Sure. But at the end of the day, fire means trust.  1
This means consistency and trust being earned.  1
But healthy relationships are about more than moments and powerful feelings. Healthy relationships are built. They require time, work, patience, and a deep look inward.  1
It’s no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently or if your favorite films wouldn’t even speak to each other if they met at a party.  0
My marriage isn’t perfect, but it’s satisfying and happy and it’s taught me a few things about what keeps long-term partnerships working—in other words, what makes healthy relationships healthy.  1
Relationships thrive when couples can express themselves freely and honestly. 1
That means no topic is off-limits, and you both feel heard. 1
Consistent communication is vital to building a lasting life together.  1
You Speak Your Mind 1
You Have Your Own Space 1
Just because you’re in love doesn’t mean you have to spend every moment together. 1
Taking time to pursue your own interests and friendships keeps your relationship fresh and gives you both the opportunity to grow as individuals—even while you’re growing as a couple. 1
But when people in healthy relationships fight, they fight productively and fairly. 1
That means avoiding name-calling or put-downs.  1
It also means striving to understand your partner instead of trying to score points. 1
You Like Yourself and Your Partner as You Are Now 1
Healthy relationships should be based in reality. 1
You recognize that neither of you is perfect, and you accept and value each other for who you are right now—not who you might become. 1
You Make Decisions Jointly  1
You don’t call all the shots—neither does your partner. 1
From what movie to see to how many children to have, you make decisions together and listen to each other’s concerns and desires. 1
You Find Joy  1
Healthy relationships are full of laughter and fun. 1
This doesn’t mean you’re giddy every hour of the day—or that your partner doesn’t drive you up the wall sometimes—but it does mean that your life together is mostly happy in sometimes simple ways.  1
Making dinner, laughing at the same things, finishing each others’ sentences… 1
You Find Balance  1
You Treat Each Other With Kindness  1
Nothing is a stronger sign of a healthy relationship than treating the person you love with care, consideration, empathy, and appreciation. 1
If you find yourself showing more respect to people you hardly know than you show your partner, take a step back and revisit your priorities. 0
You Trust Each Other  1
Healthy relationships are built on trust and a commitment to communication without reservations or secrets. 1
Your partner will annoy you.  0
You will annoy him or her, too. 0
You will say things you don’t mean. 0
You will behave inconsiderately. 0
You Are Intimate  1
Sex is an important part of healthy relationships, but it’s only one part, and it’s different than intimacy, which is less about physical satisfaction than about bonding, friendship, and familiarity. 1
If you’re in a healthy relationship, you’ll feel connected—in and out of bed. 1
Your Relationship Is Your Safe Place  1
Your relationship should be a safety net—a stable place to come home to at the end of the day.  1
That doesn’t mean you don’t fight—it just means that when things are hard, you’d always rather see your partner than anyone else.  1
You Talk to Your Partner, Not to Other People 1
When you have issues and concerns, you share them with your partner, not your coworkers at Happy Hour.  1
